README.md, before:

# Bashkit

Make command-line apps in bash in no time will full autocompletion and command routing support

## Installation

Run the following command to install bashkit

	curl https://raw.github.com/mafintosh/bashkit/master/install | sh && . ~/.bashkit/bashrc

This will install a commandline tool called `bashkit`.
Run `bashkit` to print all available options

## My first app

After you installed `bashkit` you can start making your own command-line apps.
The following program will print hello world

``` sh
#!/bin/bash
. $(bashkit path) # include bashkit in this program

cmd-hello () {
	# this is the hello command
	echo hello world
}

run # call run to bootstrap the program
```

Save the following file as `my-first-app` and run `bashkit link my-first-app` in the same folder.
Afterwards you should be able to run `my-first-app hello` in your terminal and it should print `hello world`

Similary you could a add a command called `hi` by defining a `cmd-hi` method
If you wanted to make a program with no commands you would just use the `cmd () { ... }` method instead

## Adding options

You can add command-line options by using the `opt` function

``` sh
#!/bin/bash
. $(bashkit path) # include bashkit in this program

opt --test,-t # a --test option for all commands
opt hello --world,-w # lets add a --world (-w for short) option to our hello command

cmd-hello () {
	opt --world || exit 1 # if --world or -w is not set exit
	echo hello $opt_world # the world argument is available in through a env var
}

run
```

Running the above program with `my-first-app hello --world world` will print `hello world`.

## Autocompletion

All linked apps features autocompletion of commands and options.
This means that typing `my-first-app <tab><tab>` in the terminal will print out available options

If you want to enable autocompletion of your command-line option values or command arguments you need
to define a custom tab completion method

``` sh
#!/bin/bash
. $(bashkit path) # include bashkit in this program

opt world w # lets add a --world (-w for short) option to our program

# lets autocomplete the --world option
tab-world () {
	echo world welt verden mundo # print out available options
}

cmd-hello () {
	opt world || exit 1 # if --world is not set exit
	echo hello $opt_world # the world argument is available in through a env var
}

run
```

Running `my-first-app hello --world <tab><tab>` will give you the above options now

## License

MIT

Commit message:

grammar fixes and default options

README.md, after:

# Bashkit

Make command-line apps in bash in no time will full autocompletion and command routing support

## Installation

Run the following command to install bashkit

	curl https://raw.github.com/mafintosh/bashkit/master/install | sh && . ~/.bashkit/bashrc

This will install a commandline tool called `bashkit`.
Run `bashkit` to print all available options.

## My first app

After you installed `bashkit` you can start making your own command-line apps.
The following program will print hello world.

``` sh
#!/bin/bash
. $(bashkit path) # include bashkit in this program

cmd-hello () {
	# this is the hello command
	echo hello world
}

run # call run to bootstrap the program
```

Save the following file as `my-first-app` and run `bashkit link my-first-app` in the same folder.
Afterwards you should be able to run `my-first-app hello` in your terminal and it should print `hello world`.

Similary you could a add a command called `hi` by defining a `cmd-hi` method.
If you wanted to make a program with no commands you would just use the `cmd () { ... }` method instead.

## Adding options

You can add command-line options by using the `opt` function.

``` sh
#!/bin/bash
. $(bashkit path) # include bashkit in this program

opt --test,-t # a --test option for all commands
opt hello --world,-w # lets add a --world (-w for short) option to our hello command

cmd-hello () {
	opt --world || exit 1 # if --world or -w is not set exit
	echo hello $opt_world # the world argument is available through a env var
}

run
```

To set a default value for the option simply add `=value` i.e. `opt --world,-w=my-default-world`.
Running the above program with `my-first-app hello --world world` will print `hello world`.

## Autocompletion

All linked apps features autocompletion of commands and options.
This means that typing `my-first-app <tab><tab>` in the terminal will print out available options.

If you want to enable autocompletion of your command-line option values or command arguments you need
to define a custom tab completion method.

``` sh
#!/bin/bash
. $(bashkit path) # include bashkit in this program

opt world w # lets add a --world (-w for short) option to our program

# lets autocomplete the --world option
tab-world () {
	echo world welt verden mundo # print out available options
}

cmd-hello () {
	opt world || exit 1 # if --world is not set exit
	echo hello $opt_world # the world argument is available in through a env var
}

run
```

Running `my-first-app hello --world <tab><tab>` will give you the above options now.

## License

MIT
